hey everyone our novel operative master
school dances so one of the setups that
we really like doing are our we call our
showstopper X and showstopper X is
basically a trust set up we have a big X
over the dance floor now I love using
Wireless DMX because it's stable you
know it's I've had no issue with either
the white flax or the new Y flies series
one of the not really tougher but one of
the things that it gets a little bit you
know difficult when you're doing these
kinds of setups is that let's say I have
two dmx chains right and I have two
wireless your receivers and I'm doing
the X I mean I can do one here and I can
do one there that's great but what does
if I'm doing for example we call the I
the I set up you got two beams one
across well I'm gonna need more than two
because if not I put one on either end
and ultimately we still have to run DMX
cable back one way or another and I want
to run as little DMX cable as possible
another thing is I'm gonna just for my
own sanity I want to use this little DMX
or Wireless DMX receivers as possible
not because it hasn't been stable or
anything like that but I have need other
things I need to use them for other
things we have satellite light so we
have up lighting on other things that I
need those little receivers are the
transceivers for so what is the solution
to be able to create a nice big setup
over the dance floor and only use one to
receive it and run a lot less DMX cable
around we have the whitefly d6 branch
this is a perfect solution so let's go
over real quick and see how they can
help you just like the original d6
branch this is basically a splitter
we've got six out and of course we got a
DMX in so you can actually use this as a
wife light transmitter or a receiver so
now you've got a lot of different
options or you have to use Wi-Fi you may
just need a regular splitter this guys
it now the great thing about this
particular unit is that it is compact it
is IEC versus a world war so if you're
using the IC to ICS much easier and then
you've got built-in velcro so you're
hanging it inside your truss and just
take that now come out and there you go
you just hang it in there tight
and you're good to go so again super
easy to use it's the Wi-Fi d6 branch
this is perfect for anybody that wants
to get into bigger setups and have to
set up less devices less device is
always good less interference etc you
guys already know how it works so again
my name is Arnold the Walkman master
school answers any questions make sure
you guys leave a comment below click cly
subscribe share with your friends past a
cool late whatever just make sure you
share my videos cuz that makes you cool
and I'll give you a high five over the
Internet's so thank you guys so much
your night god bless